c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Npgsql.pdb
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\AutoMapper.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Npgsql.pdb
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Npgsql.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.xml
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.dll
E:\Naveel\GIT_PROJECTS\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Npgsql.pdb
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Npgsql.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.xml
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.dll
D:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV_260523\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\Basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\Jahanzaib\Projects\Gits_Projects\Gits_Projects\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\basim\MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.dll
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\basim\HBL_MLDV\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll.config
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Owin.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Memory.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Buffers.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Dapper.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.dll
E:\shared\MX_WORKING\HBL_MLDV_API\HBL_MLDV_API\obj\Debug\HBL_MLDV_API.pdb
